what would you do if you discovered guns
drilled to both of your hands welcome to
recap in minutes we will be going
through a 2019 movie titled gunner kimbo
watch out and take care
the film opens with a virtual floating
head criticizing society for enjoying
stories videos and news articles on
subjects like murder and chaos because
it distracts them from their own
miserable lives
the answer to this is schism an
underground fight club where people are
pitted against one another to the death
while viewers all across the country
watch for entertainment the top player
is nix the game's deadliest and craziest
killer who is frequently tasked with
going against other challengers but she
always manages to brutally kill all of
them then there is a guy called miles a
mild-mannered computer programmer
ultimate online troll hunter who keeps
to himself and always flicking through
the social media plays videos games
until it is time to sleep
he works a dull job for an obnoxious
jerk named
he spends his free time behind the
keyboard trolling the trolls on the
internet
one night miles randomly stumbles upon
something online where he discovers the
underground entertainment platform picks
random psychos weirdos and criminals and
made them fight each other to the death
and the internet loves it he does what
he knows best by logging into the
schisms message board to insult viewers
to his dismay a schism admin manages to
track his ip address
forcing miles to shut off his laptop he
then gets a message from his
ex-girlfriend nova alexander whose
picture he accidentally liked earlier
they plan to meet the following morning
at a park he dreams about being in a
park with nobo where she draws a tattoo
on his arm and kisses him miles gets a
rude awakening from the door it schisms
ceo richter and his goon stain effie and
f-face they break into his apartment and
richter finally meets the troll
they smash his laptop beak him and then
tranquilize him
next morning when miles wakes up he
finds that he has guns bolted to both of
his hands with 50 rounds each
he tries to get his phone and mistakenly
pull the trigger causes him to throw up
and react to the deafening sound of the
gunshot he freaks out and gets a message
informing him that he has to kill nicks
within 24 hours
meanwhile nyx is currently on a mission
to complete a drug-fueled job by
massacring a number of goons
just after she completes the mission the
polices arrive the scene and she escapes
she also gets a message from richter
from his underground hiding place
notifying her to go after miles stating
that this will be her last job before
she is free from schism the next day nyx
goes in disguised into a police station
to track miles phone and also to her
surprise she can't find him having any
criminal record
still at his apartment miles finds it
difficult to get dressed and then
decides to leave with no pants until mix
finds his apartment she starts to shoot
at him and he tries to reason with nix
but she attempts to kill him there
miles distract her and manages to make
an escape
miles goes out into the street while
trying to obscure the guns he goes to
two cops for help but naturally they
draw their guns on him when they see him
hold them up
schism drones capture the scene as
viewers tuning to make fun of miles he
is forced to run and hide in an alley
during the chase he accidentally shoots
a cop but helps cover up his wound
before running away
after unsuccessfully attempt a recruit
help from the police miles manages to
meet nova in the park before nix can
find him
when nova tells miles that she doesn't
want to get back together and she would
drive him home
he tries to explain himself he shows her
the guns leading her to freak out and
pepper spray him before running out of
her car
miles ends up in an alley again and just
decides to blow his brains out until a
homeless man named glenjamin stops him
because the angle is off and he would
just blow his face off
glenjamin helps miles stress himself and
gives him a dirty hot dog as food before
he goes to continue looking for help
nova ends up at a police station and
report the situation to detective to
graves
after she leaves to graves and his
partners stand and hack into novas phone
to track miles but their main target is
nix miles goes to his job to get help
from his co-worker hadley to remove the
tracker from his phone
xander then comes to chew miles out
again until he finally loses it and get
asserted by angrily pulling his guns on
xander to tell him to stop being
imperious
before xander can turn over a new leaf
nix shows up and puts a bullet in his
head and starts shooting up the office
she shoots at miles who escapes by
stealing a car
she chases after him on a motorcycle
where they have a road rage causing an
accident
luckily miles escapes and nix catches
him in an abandoned building
miles tries to reason with nix but she
continues to try and kill him
he shoots at something that explodes
which briefly distracts nyx as it
triggers her ptsd of previous incident
when she was young which gives miles the
opportunity to shoot her but instead
leaves the scene
miles calls nova as he tries to explain
himself again but richter and his goons
break in and kidnap her they order miles
to kill mix or they will kill nova he
phones the police and leaves his mobile
in a junk car to provide the location
as he runs off he stumbles into a drug
drop between two rival gang and all the
guys involved trying to kill him until
mix shows up and pumps everyone full of
lead
miles accidentally shoots one of the
main dealers in the neck where he slowly
and painfully dies and it clearly messes
him up to graves and stand find miles
and arrest him he thinks they will take
him to the hospital but the graves says
they need him to get next to go to them
he reveals that nix is his daughter he
once put richter behind bars but when he
got out he targeted the graves family
with a car bomb he pulled his daughter
out but lost his wife and son
his daughter nix grew up to be insane as
she targeted richter and got caught up
in schism
stan then shoots the graves in the head
he is a mole working for richter and
shows miles a video message from richter
stating that he has a half hour to kill
mix or nova dies miles goes to a gamer
cafe and gets one of the ladies there
towel pack into nova's phone to track
her location
the lady recognizes miles and tells him
that he is schism's most viewed player
and viewers have dubbed him guns of
kimbo
miles rushes to the location and finds
richter and the three goons there they
appear to shoot nova in the head to
taunt miles but he removes the bag off
their head to see that it's hadley miles
goes to another location out in the open
where nix finds him he suggests they
team up against richter but suddenly she
appears to shoot him dead
viewers appear disappointed in miles
death he is brought in by a cleanup crew
to schism headquarters where miles
shoots two of the villains in the head
nix then meets him there as they planned
rewind to write before the shooting
where miles had waited for nicks to
reveal that he knows richter killed her
family and shows her to graves body
they teamed up to take schism down
together and set miles up to wear a
kevlar vest miles and nicks get into the
building and start shooting all of
richter henchmen
the two reveal themselves to the camera
to let richter and viewers know that
they are alive and coming for them but
miles also takes an opportunity to tell
everyone watching how screwed up they
are for encouraging all this not that
they care
meanwhile richter gets really angry and
orders dane and effy to go down to kill
miles and knicks ethy pins miles down
but he manages to shoot her in the head
dane and nix get into combat where dane
severs two of her fingers and almost
bashes her with a hammer but nix smorts
some drugs and gets powered up taking
the hammer and smashing dane's bones he
tries to blow them up with a gas tank
but miles comes in to finish the job
even though mixed called him out to
more henchmen go after them as richter
tries to take nova with him on a chopper
with the odds not in their favor nix
decides to go out on her own terms after
telling miles to kill richter for her
she runs out shooting the henchman while
getting shot herself before running up
to a face while strapped with explosives
blowing herself a face and every other
goon to kingdom come miles follows a
message left by nova to lead into the
roof
he catches richter before they get away
and he wastes his last bullet trying to
shoot richter he shoots miles three
times but he continues moving toward him
nova manages to free herself and miles
pistol whips rigged her before throwing
him over the ledge
as he hangs on richter tells miles that
schism is going to go global as a major
franchise miles loosens richter's grip
and sends him plummeting to his death
viewers everywhere cheer miles's victory
he has a brief fantasy where nova runs
back to him but this is due to major
blood loss and she is actually horrified
to have seen and kill richter
later on miles gets the guns removed
from his hands while he and nova don't
get back together she has created a
gunzikimbo comic book based on him
portraying him as a hero
he is now tracking schism activity
across the world making it his duty to
take them all down thanks for watching
please don't forget to subscribe and
turn on the notification bell to get
notice when a new video is uploaded